This package contains the solution to "Merchant's Guide to the Galaxy".

The solution has been developed using Java version 1.8.
The tests have been written using JUnit Version 4.
Maven Version 3.3.9 is required to follow the build instructions provided.

Problem Description:

The program takes an input file which contains the merchant's notes on 
intergalactic units to Roman numeral conversion,  
and the credits assigned to materials.
It also contains a series of questions to determine 
the Arabic value of an intergalactic number and
the number of credits required for a certain number of materials.
The program processes the input file, solves the questions, and writes the
answers to the console.

Example Input File:

glob is I
prok is V
pish is X
tegj is L
glob glob Silver is 34 Credits
glob prok Gold is 57800 Credits
pish pish Iron is 3910 Credits
how much is pish tegj glob glob ?
how many Credits is glob prok Silver ?
how many Credits is glob prok Gold ?
how many Credits is glob prok Iron ?
how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?

Example Output:

pish tegj glob glob is 42
glob prok Silver is 68 Credits
glob prok Gold is 57800 Credits
glob prok Iron is 782 Credits
I have no idea what you are talking about

NB: Actual credit calculations may vary slightly due to rounding.


Build Instructions:
1) Download and Install Maven 3.3.9 by following instructions from the URL below:
https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi#Installation
2) Download and extract the solution zip folder to a convenient folder.
3) The folder should contain the following directories:
README
pom.xml
src/
inputFiles/
4) Run the following command:
$ mvn package
5) A target folder should be created

Usage Instructions:
To run Java Application:
java -jar target/MerchantsGuideToTheGalaxy-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar <inputFilename>

e.g.
java -jar target/MerchantsGuideToTheGalaxy-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar inputFiles/sampleInput.txt


Assumptions/Decisions made:

1) Valid questions always begin with a "How much" or "How many" and end with a "?".
2) The notes (i.e. intergalactic numeral values in Roman numbers, and credits allocated to materials) and questions are case sensitive.
3) All intergalactic numbers and provided in lower case letters only.
4) All materials names begin with a capital letter.
5) Credits always begins with a capital C.
6) The Credits assigned to materials and are provided using numeric digits (Arabic representation).
7) Intergalactic to Roman notes always consist of three space-separated words, e.g. "glob is I"
8) All words in the input file are space separated by one space



